# 2018-09-21: Alumni Weekend + Balloon Assembly
Matt Brucker, Jeff Goldenson, Evan New-Schmidt

## Agenda
- Design balloon enclosure/mounting system
- Cut string for balloon
- Test balloon range
- Test balloon batteries

## Alumni Weekend

For the Olin Alumni Weekend, we've decided to focus on getting a solid balloon livestreaming system working by 9/22.

## Balloon System Design

We settled on using a clip GoPro mount for the camera mounting system, as it would provide the easiest way to mount to the balloon (i.e. via string). Overall, our mounting system is based on the [Publiclab](http://publiclab.org) balloon mapping kit; we're modifying it to include the clip mount for the camera, plus a portable battery pack zip-tied to the enclosure in order to provide enough power to the GoPro to stream for an extended period of time.

### Balloon Dynamics

We plan to use sandbags from the Library to anchor the balloon; with three strings arranged in a triangle, we should have enough stability. However, given the fact that 15-20mph winds are expected on the day of the event, we want to ensure that a single sandbag can withstand the force of wind in the event of lateral winds pushing the balloon in one direction. With some back-of-the-napkin calculations, we estimate the wind force at 15 mph to be (1/2)pv^2A = ~13.33 lbs of force. The sandbags are around 10 lbs each, so they should hopefully be able to withstand most of the standard wind force.

## GoPro Streaming Script (and range)

The GoPro is running a [streaming script](https://github.com/mpbrucker/GoProStream/blob/master/persistentstream.py) we developed based off of an existing utility for streaming, but pared down for our use case. After some fixing of keep-alive messages, we have a functioning livestream script to a laptop, which can be connected to our broadcast system. Testing the range on the great lawn, we got about 250 feet away before encountering significant packet loss. We also confirmed the ability to remotely stop and start recording on the GoPro while simultaneously livestreaming.


