## 2018-09-09: Prototype v0.5 Planning
Matt Brucker, Evan New-Schmidt

### Agenda

 * Flesh out v0.5
 * Create vision for workspace
 * Outline tasks for various initiatives and update Trello
 * Ask longer term questions (how to do multi-channel broadcast, etc.)
 * Create + add to documentation repo

### A vision for Prototype v0.5

Last week, we got an initial version of our broadcast system working, using an HDMI-to-RCA converter, a signal modulator, and an antenna. We outlined the potential version of what we could have for Prototype v0.5, the first iteration of our broadcast system, to be shown at Alumni Weekend. Some initial thoughts about what the experience should have:
 * TV w/ analog signal broadcast to it
 * Old and new content
   * Old: Old videos of Olin
   * New: livestream of Alumni Weekend from balloon
   * Multi-channel capability is possible with one TV by using the mini modulator
 * Metadata display/interaction
   * Onscreen display vs. companion view vs. static/physical

Below is our diagram for branching design ideas.

<insert picture of ideas here>

### Livestreaming Tasks

At this point, we have working a basic livestreaming from the Gopro using the Gopro's wifi and a python script to display the stream in a window on a computer. Some things we outlined for the livestreaming capability are:
 * Gopro
   * Display on computer: adapt Python script for RasPi streaming
   * Figure out balloon anchoring + wind resistance
   * Test wifi range
   * Test Gopro battery life
 * Investigate other camera options (RasPi camera, Yi camera, webcam)

### Design Considerations

We outlined a number of design considerations with decisions we need to make which impact scope and experience. For displaying content on a computer screen, there are considerations for just using a built-in media player vs. streaming to a web app - the same goes for various ways of presenting metadata. We discussed the different ways of displaying metadata: as a static printout, on a continuously-updating webpage, on a display, etc.

<insert picture of decision diagram>

### Event/Experience Considerations

 Some other things we considered about the Alumni Weekend event (which we're calling the Alumni Film Festival) are:
  * flesh out exhibit design/location
  * gather content
  * flesh out experience

### Tech Stack

The final topic we discussed was how the tech will work. For a webapp solution, there are two types of clients: the "channel" client and the "guide" client(s). The channel client is a single entity that will stream the content and hold some share of the control of media and metadata, along with the server. The guide clients, of which there can be many, will only be able to view metadata, which will be continuously updated through websockets.

<insert diagram>
