# 2018-10-09: WGBH Alumni Weekend Game Plan
Matt Brucker, Jeff Goldenson, Evan New-Schmidt

## Agenda
- Flesh out MVP experience for Alumni Weekend event
- Develop WGBH Alumni Weekend plan
- Source/order parts for Alumni Weekend/final setup

## Alumni Weekend MVP

Ultimately, we decided that for alumni weekend, we should aim to have a design that mimicks our final design. As such, we identified the required components as:
 - 6 channels (optimally)
 - DVD player playback (for best reliability)
 - Pre-purchased hardware rack
 - No electronics enclosure
 - Some amount of signage
 
## Hardware spec/purchasing

Our estimated required rack size, based on spacing out the modulators/DVD players in order to have some ventilation, is around 19 units. We also aimed for a depth of about 20" in order to accommodate all of the components. Additionally, we sourced a rack-mountable power supply and 8-slot combiner to keep everything contained in the rack.

## Signage

Another major question was signage - we identified a need for signage based on our experiences at the Olin Alumni Weekend. At a minimum, we decided on vinyl signage with cardboard or wood backing. The sign should provide a small amount of context, but given that our audience should at least be fairly familiar with the content being displayed, we are focusing on the overall cohesive experience instead of a particular piece of signage.

## Going Further

Once we accomplish our MVP, the next question is what to develop next. In this regard, we have several avenues. Jeff is exploring possibilities of bringing in prop furniture to set up as a "living room" experience; on top of this, we'll work on creating more fleshed-out signage and also potentially creating some sort of enclosure for the broadcasters.


